Task 1

The first task was to setup up Meddle and run it for at least 1 week. At the end of the week we were given access to the tcpdumps for us to to look at the traffic our phone was actually sending. The main goal of task 1 was to take a look at the sites being contacted from all of the apps. For the time I had Meddle set up, I primarily only used 6 apps. They were Facebook, Twitter, Uber, Snapchat, Safari(I only used it for my zimbra email), and Gmail. In my analysis I looked mainly at the ratio of sites contacted. In an ideal world, my list of contacted sites would be 6. Apps would only send requests to their own domain. I noticed that this is far from the truth. The majority of the requests did in fact go to the apps own domain, but a lot of them did not. Primarily only using 6 apps, I noticed requests going to over 40 different domains. The domains with the most requests were the domains of the apps I used, but the rest of the domains are all websites that collect information about the user. I noticed sites like Lotame, PubMatic, Esri, Nielsen, Turn Inc, and others. These sites all collect user data to improve advertising and marketing. The rest of the sites were either CDN's like Akamai, Cloudflare, or CDNetworks or hosting providers like NobisTech or ServerBeach. The CDN's and hosting providers were expected, but not the advertising/marketing sites. That is a little bit worrisome because it means companies are collecting data about you without your knowledge. Up until I actually looked up those domains, I had never even heard of any of the companies before let alone give them my consent to collect my data.

The way I found out the amount of requests made to each domain was by modifying a couple of the scripts given to me. the first was 'serversContacted.sh'. I made this take in a date as a directory name and it would count the number of requests on that day for each IP and print it out to a file. I then wrote a script called 'servers_contacted_parser.py' to look at the output file and count/sort the number of requests to each domain and print them all combined to a new file. With this I was able to see just how many requests were being made to each domain over the entire course of the time I was using Meddle. this output file is called servers_contacted.txt in the folder called 'parsed'.


Task 2

The second task was to actually find if the was any personally identifiable information(PII) in the tcpdumps. This is very important because if a hacker can perform a man in the middle(MIM) attack on your phone, they have access to all of the data that Meddle provides. Some of the pieces of information I looked for were my usernames, passwords, location, email, and phone number. The only PII I was able to find was my location. The only app I found it in was Yahoo Weather. If an attacker was able to find out my location, they could easily tell where I live, work, go to school, patterns in my schudule, etc. Any of these are bad because they could easily stalk or rob you(most likely if they can tell you arent home). 

The way i was able to find PII was by modifying the script 'grepForStuff Copy.sh'. I put in my own information with the intention of it finding it. Then I created a python script to run the grep script on every tcpdump file. If the grep script found any PII, the python script would copy the contents over to a new file for further examining. After the script would run, I would know what PII was found and who leaked it. 

App: Yahoo Weather

 H..fzH.GET /v1/yql?crossProduct=optimized&env=store%3A%2F%2Fy8kbem5LYN3AXbLbrDFnAp&q=select%20%2A%20from%20yql.query.multi%20where%20queries%3D%22select%20city%2Ccountry%2ClocationID%2Cwoeid%2Cstate%2Clatitude%2Clongitude%2CproximateStation.ID%2CproximateStation.city%2Ccurrently.condition.code%2Ccurrently.timezone%2Ccurrently.moonphase%2Ccurrently.moonfacevisible%2Ccurrently.temp%2Ccurrently.time24%2Ccurrently.sunrise24%2Ccurrently.sunset24%2Cforecast.day.dayOfWeek%2Cforecast.day.poP%2Cforecast.day.temp.high%2Cforecast.day.temp.low%2Cforecast.day.condition.code%2Cforecast.extended_forecast_url%2Ccurrently.windSpeed%2Ccurrently.windDirectionDegree%2Ccurrently.windChill%2Ccurrently.heatIndex%2Ccurrently.feelsLike%2Ccurrently.visibility%2Ccurrently.percentHumidity%2Ccurrently.dewpoint%2Ccurrently.barometer%2Ccurrently.barometricTrend%20from%20partner.weather.forecasts%20where%20%28lat%3DXXXX%20and%20lon%3D-XXXXX%29%20and%20lang%3D%27en%27%20and%20unit%3D%27c%27%3B%20select%20woeid%2Chourlyforecast.hour.time24%2Chourlyforecast.hour.condition.code%2Chourlyforecast.hour.condition.po

path - tcpdump-soeller.g-Nov-22-2014-22-26-1416695205-172.31.45.70-10.11.1.7-70.192.0.235.pcap.enc.clr